Hello friends
In this video let us have an introduction to greedy
algorithms
So the greedy method is one of the
approaches to solve optimisation problems in the greedy approach
The problem is solved in multiple stages in each stage
We will consider one input from the given options
If the option is feasible that means it satisfies given
condition and we will include it in the solution by
including feasible solutions
In each stage we will get the optimal solution
So the general greedy method will be like this
We will be given a set of options and some
conditions
First we will consider one option from the given set
of options if the option is feasible included in the
solution
If not we will consider the other option and check
if it is feasible and if is include it otherwise
move onto other options and like that
So this is how in the greedy approach the overall
optimal result will be achieved by choosing feasible options in
each stage
So this is all about the greedy approach
In the next video we will learn how to solve the minimum coin exchange problem using greedy approach.